{\rtf1\ansi \ansicpg1252\stshfloch1{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fcharset204 Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset238 Times New Roman;}{\f4\froman\fcharset186 Times New Roman;}{\f5\froman\fcharset162 Times New Roman;}{\f6\froman\fcharset161 Times New Roman;}{\f7\froman\fcharset177 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset134 Times New Roman;}{\f9\froman\fcharset136 Times New Roman;}{\f10\froman\fcharset128 Times New Roman;}{\f11\froman\fcharset129 Times New Roman;}{\f12\froman\fcharset130 Times New Roman;}{\f13\froman\fcharset161 Times New Roman;}{\f14\froman\fcharset178 Times New Roman;}{\f15\froman\fcharset222 Times New Roman;}{\f16\froman\fcharset163 Times New Roman;}{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f18\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset204 Arial;}{\f20\fswiss\fcharset238 Arial;}{\f21\fswiss\fcharset186 Arial;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset162 Arial;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset161 Arial;}{\f24\fswiss\fcharset177 Arial;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset134 Arial;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset136 Arial;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset128 Arial;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset129 Arial;}{\f29\fswiss\fcharset130 Arial;}{\f30\fswiss\fcharset161 Arial;}{\f31\fswiss\fcharset178 Arial;}{\f32\fswiss\fcharset222 Arial;}{\f33\fswiss\fcharset163 Arial;}}{\stylesheet {\sbasedon222\f18\fs20 Normal;}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1724\margr1422\margt776\margb360 \sectd \sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1724\margrsxn1422\margtsxn776\margbsxn360\cols1\colsx60 \pard \plain \cbpat8\ql\li22\fi0\ri0\sb0\sa0\sl-257\slmult0 \f18\fs20{\i0\b\ul\cf1\charscalex100\expndtw0\dn0\f1\cchs0\lang1033\langfe1033\fs22 Company Culture\ul0 : \b0 Our vision at \b Personnel Plus \b0 is to help as many people as possible find good jobs by helping as many clients as possible find good people, and helping clients make those jobs and those people even better. Our Philosophy is to provide the best-qualified personnel to our clients and to provide an ongoing level of service that will meet and exceed their expectations. This will be accomplished by determining our client's requirements and by developing a customized screening, placement and orientation program to ensure compliance with them.}\par \pard \plain \cbpat8\ql\li31\fi0\ri0\sb137\sa0\sl-259\slmult0 \f18\fs20{\i0\b\ul\cf1\charscalex100\expndtw0\dn0\f1\cchs0\lang1033\langfe1033\fs22 Recruiting\ul0 : \b0 A roster of potential employees will be maintained covering the specific job disciplines identified by you company. Employees will be recruited from a wide range of sources including newspaper, Internet, radio, jobs service, college placement services, job corps, client and employee referrals, bulletin boards, church placement services, refugee placement services and television. Every effort will be made to maintain an adequate labor pool to meet any flexible staffing requirements of you organization. If an inadequate labor pool does not exist, Personnel Plus will initiate a sequence of additional recruiting mechanisms (including newspaper advertising, radio and television), to reach a broader market. To the greatest extent possible, we recruit from the local area to find qualified candidates. When necessary we will recruit outside the immediate area.}\par \pard \plain \cbpat8\ql\li34\fi0\ri0\sb134\sa0\sl-257\slmult0 \f18\fs20{\i0\b\ul\cf1\charscalex100\expndtw0\dn0\f1\cchs0\lang1033\langfe1033\fs22 Placement\ul0 : \b0 Currently \b Personnel Plus \b0 employs 18 full-time employees and over 850 temporary and long term employees from our southern Idaho offices. Each office has dedicated placement supervisors who are challenged to gain a thorough knowledge and understanding of our client's needs and requirements; and, to find and place the most qualified individual to match the position.}\par \pard \plain \cbpat8\ql\li29\fi0\ri0\sb134\sa0\sl-259\slmult0 \f18\fs20{\i0\b\ul\cf1\charscalex100\expndtw0\dn0\f1\cchs0\lang1033\langfe1033\fs22 Retention\ul0 :   \b0 Finding our clients qualified employees and developing systems to ensure retention of those employees is our top priority. \b Personnel Plus \b0 accomplishes this objective by adhering to a disciplined approach in determining applicant qualification and potential suitability with our client. This qualification process ensures that the applicant meets at least the minimum criteria for the position. These minimum criteria include successfully passing reference checking, drug testing, skills based testing, and successful completion of our customized orientation program. This orientation program involves video and personal presentations covering your company's job requirements, job safety, worker productivity, and company policies. Participants are then tested and rated for their comprehension and interest level. We then numerically rate these applicants for overall desirability and select the most qualified for placement with your company. Once employees are placed, periodic job satisfaction surveys will be conducted with them and any pertinent issues will be addressed with your company we will also require periodic performance reviews on all placements.}\par \pard \plain \cbpat8\ql\li19\fi0\ri0\sb132\sa0\sl-259\slmult0 \f18\fs20{\i0\b\ul\cf1\charscalex100\expndtw0\dn0\f1\cchs0\lang1033\langfe1033\fs22 Employee Training & Development:\ul0  \b0 All employees receive basic skills testing to determine 8\super th \nosupersub grade equivalency. All employees receive OSHA safety training and are tested for safety comprehension. In addition to the basic skills testing and safety orientation, a customized skills evaluation and job orientation program will be developed and conducted upon request. All employees will be encouraged to upgrade their skills and are provided several continuing education options to consider. Tuition and cost reimbursement is provided depending upon the arrangements. .}\par \pard \plain \cbpat8\ql\li19\fi0\ri0\sb151\sa0\sl-262\slmult0 \f18\fs20{\i0\b\ul\cf1\charscalex100\expndtw0\dn0\f1\cchs0\lang1033\langfe1033\fs22 Diversity\ul0 : \b0 To encourage diversity recruiting, \b Personnel Plus \b0 recruits from minority and veterans organizations as well as recruiting from other traditional sources such as the newspaper, job service and school placement centers. \b Personnel Plus \b0 is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in the hiring and placement of individuals.}\par \pard \plain \cbpat8\ql\li14\fi0\ri432\sb158\sa0\sl-254\slmult0 \f18\fs20{\i0\b\ul\cf1\charscalex100\expndtw0\dn0\f1\cchs0\lang1033\langfe1033\fs22 Co-Employment\ul0 : Personnel Plus \b0 requires that all employees complete our extensive nine step application process to ensure compliance with employment laws and that \b Personnel Plus \b0 is the employer of record.}\par \pard \plain \cbpat8\ql\li0\fi0\ri0\sb139\sa0\sl-266\slmult0 \f18\fs20{\i0\b\ul\cf1\charscalex100\expndtw0\dn0\f1\cchs0\lang1033\langfe1033\fs22 Employee Benefits\ul0 : Personnel Plus \b0 offer's a comprehensive benefit package to qualified employees who successfully complete 120 days of service with our company. The benefits include Health, Life, Prescription and SEP-IRA retirement plan.}\par \pard \plain \cbpat8\ql\li4298\fi0\ri0\sb862\sa0 \f18\fs20{\i0\b\cf1\charscalex100\expndtw0\dn0\f18\cchs0\lang1033\langfe1033\fs18 5}\par }